you're probably wondering what's
actually going on in the economy and
today we are going to look at that in
this video I'm going to break down what
has happened with the unemployment rate
it was surprised some and then we're
going to look at the factors where even
the rich are experiencing inflation I'm
going to tell you why it's a little bit
of a comedic reference and then we'll
talk about what you need to be doing all
of these things are interconnected and I
will bring you all the details you need
to know first things first let's begin
by talking about the jobs situation now
this is definitely a mixed bag
unemployment rate unexpectedly Rose to
3.8 percent in August as payrolls
increase by 187
000 they are always going to have these
estimates if they beat them oh it's so
wonderful if not well then who knows but
the interesting thing is that if it's
bad then the market loves it because
that means that the Federal Reserve can
print more money and that's really what
the markets are looking for and so it's
a really odd circumstance right now
today because investors know that at
some point the quantitative easing that
drip is going to be put inside of the
financial markets but not yet so there's
more details here where you can see for
yourself
that I mean the what they call I
couldn't believe it but in CNBC they
said the quote real unemployment rate
jumped to 7.1 percent and what do they
mean there that is the U6 unemployment
rate people are like what's going on you
six what is this guy even talking about
there's u3 that's the one that the BLS
is going to tell you about and then
there's the U6 unemployment rate and
that means basically you're working a
full-time job and suddenly they say no
no we gotta slash your hours we're only
going to give you three hours a week and
say hey that's part-time hours I need
full-time hours well I'm technically
employed but not at the level I would
like to be then they go as part of the
U6 that that's 7.1 percent even using
their own statistics so just imagine
that so the real rate is quite off from
where we would see you know the u3
unemployment rate but even that has
risen so keep that in mind and I'm going
to show you something that's really
interesting
this is talking about the dollar store
we're talking about Dollar General we're
talking about Dollar Tree they're
experiencing the same thing our core
customers continue to tell us that they
feel financially constrained her savings
are gone and so certainly she is still
living with the inflationary pressures
the chain is trying to avoid passing
along the higher prices to its customers
and even reduced prices in some areas
you don't find that often by the way but
that's the case the dollar stores
depending on where you're going they go
as high as five dollars a piece in some
places okay now that might be cheaper
than going to Amazon that might be
cheaper than going to Walmart for those
same products but know that they have
been seeing the inflation in the dollar
stores okay and the core customer is
feeling the burden and what they are
doing what they said here according to
the CEOs they've basically said that
they're sticking to food and Essentials
so we know that the buying patterns are
adjusting but it's not just for these
people going to the Dollar Store okay
it's actually affecting even the rich
people too and I want to talk about that
in a second but understand that people's
priorities in my opinion and oftentimes
they're not set straight okay you can
see from this Wall Street Journal
article how it says to pay for weight
loss drugs some take second jobs and
ring up their credit card debts so
you're gonna pay ten thousand dollars a
year for these weight loss drugs
but you're not going to get what you
need you're going to be going to the
food banks and so on is that what you're
telling well not exactly but the point
is that people are willing to spend
money it just depends on what if you're
willing to do this these credit card
bills being racked up at 20 percent the
value that you associate with that must
be pretty high
that's the circumstance we're in today
okay
this is talking about basically the
cable one of the biggest cable companies
in the United States has said cable TV
is dead okay and so I just want to make
it clear that some Industries they might
be big companies they might have lots of
customers but Industries are being
disrupted and things are changing so as
an investor or as a person just working
for a company you've got to be real
about your circumstances is this
position that you are currently in or
you're a business owner is my customer
going to be here in the next two years
in the next five years if not you've got
to start taking action today we'll talk
more about that at the end if you
appreciate this message so far hit that
thumbs up okay hit the thumbs up that
helps me out a lot okay
now look at it crazy but luxuries
inflation has far outpaced ordinary
inflation can you believe this look cost
of living extremely well indexed okay
that's luxury prices versus the CPI
unbelievable luxury prices the rich
people have seen the higher price
increases than the general you know
inflation as we look at it all right but
the difference is they've got more
cushion the rich person if they're
making a million dollars a year if their
food prices doubled if they're you know
Hermes bag that they buy has doubled
it's okay because they can take that the
average person they can't in fact
they'll show you some more information
around that and this is for investors
Corey if you're listening uh keep an eye
on this okay French luxuries Trump U.S
technology on profit growth look at that
French luxuries doing better in this way
than U.S tech stocks which are the you
know the Holy Grail of it all and then
we have the same thing but it's price
return French luxuries again
interesting so we can look at that why
it's because of the target market this
is total return okay same thing showing
us the same thing even more than U.S
tech crazy
and then it just breaks it down again
comparing French luxuries and U.S tech
are trading on broadly similar
valuations that's the forward PE price
earnings ratios okay but Hermes is twice
as expensive as lvmh and I'm just saying
not all of them are created equal
that's all I'm saying here and they're
just comparing like Microsoft as well
they threw that in there
and you could see it for yourself what I
do see with the luxuries and the reason
I mention this is that there is a market
out there for the high end and if
there's a recession if there's job loss
these people don't operate under the
same you know
same situation as the average person
they're not dealing with that they don't
have that issue and so they're gonna buy
that bag they're gonna buy the handbag
that's eleven thousand dollars they're
gonna buy the watch that's twenty
thousand dollars it just doesn't matter
to them what's going on it's just like
the Art Market fine wine Collectibles
they don't have recessions and people
don't they got to get this right you got
to know where your money is at
multiple job holders look at that you
can see for yourself how we have
experienced this over the last while
where more and more people are taking on
second jobs and it's great to take on a
second job I think a lot of people
should work their nine to five that
they've got going on and it's you know
that's what pays the bills and then
maybe they love golf so they go work at
the golf course on the weekend for a few
hours and maybe they get a free
membership as a result maybe at the end
of their shift they can hit a few balls
they enjoy that
great that's a good thing that's nice
okay it's not so much work it's just
it's something enjoyable make a few
bucks and then this and that that's not
what's Happening Here people can't pay
their bills they're trying to get the
diet medications and needles and stuff I
guess and this is what they're running
into
that is to me unfortunate just to see
this and then you look at it I mean
where are the jobs
take a look you see the jobs numbers and
they will they would lie to your face of
course but you're here for the truth and
that's what you get here full time is
actually declined significantly but
part-time has increased dramatically
so these job numbers are out of whack
and that's why you came here if you
appreciate it hit that thumbs up because
that's what we're talking about the
reality of the circumstance is that the
jobs scenario it's not so linear it's
all over the place yeah part-time is
better than nothing but is it paying the
bills for a lot of people
not really and what can they do about
that talk about a in a second here I
just want to show you with an example of
oil it has risen to over 85 dollars a
barrel at the time of this recording
that is more inflation that people are
feeling that's going to increase the
price of Transportation as a whole not
just for you at the pump but of course
when oil goes up everything else kind of
goes up too and so that's
what we need to understand okay the few
Basics and what we looked at today are
simply that goods and services are much
higher in price at this time and that
means you've got to pay more that means
you've got less disposable income all
right people are taking on second jobs
and we have the dollar store as being an
indication of what's going on with
people in everyday expenses what can you
do I don't want you to feel hopeless
because you shouldn't that's not how we
should take this information we have to
take it head on we got to admit for
ourselves okay here's a scenario and
here's what I'm gonna do about it and so
here are just a few things number one if
you are outside the U.S you learn a
skill that makes money in US dollar okay
very important stuff you might want to
teach a language if you live in a
Spanish-speaking country you could teach
Spanish online where can you do that one
example out school out school okay very
good stuff if you live inside the U.S
you go to start diversifying outside the
U.S as well have your customer base
available globally we have the internet
and that has leveled the playing field
in what we can do you can be teaching
English to people all around the world
these are just some options okay think
about that as well as investing in the
companies or assets that don't have
seasons and so that's important you
could look at these different types of
assets whether it's art and fine wine
and collectibles do you think somebody
that's buying a piece that's worth 12
million dollars ever this you know
understands even the value of a
recession or you know they don't know
that
they don't know it and so that's the
kind of situation that we live in when
we're when we're investing in these
things you don't want to put your money
in something that's real hyped up right
now you don't know what's going to
happen tomorrow you want to put it in
there and you want to leave it for a
period of time you want to sleep at
night
and so that's what you've got to do your
businesses the things that you deal with
my products that I sell on Amazon is the
type of product that you buy it but you
save money over a period of time
so you got to keep that in mind if
you're going to be an investor if you're
going to get into business you know
however you want to approach it you got
to understand either products and like
the type of businesses that are dealing
with the luxury or it's a product that
you buy once and you save money over
time
so think about that clearly I hope that
this was helpful to you you want to get
more information well obviously you got
to get on the Discord we are nearing
1300 people here like-minded people and
at any given time a hundred of them are
all going to be online you could talk to
them message them you can get with me
too because on here on in there every
single day and there's going to be all
kinds of all kinds of stuff that I'm
going to be adding in the next week or
so so stay tuned for that link in the
description totally free of course and
comment of the day you didn't think I
forget
check it out not Nostradamus which was
funny because on this video I made a
joke about Nostradamus the case Shilling
housing index has a bubble uh Metro of
Los Angeles Orange County at 407 as of
June 2023 home prices would need to fall
by 75 in LA to go back to the historical
index Norm what why what a wild world we
live in I want to thank you for that
comment these are the type of things I'm
seeing every day from you in the
comments and so I do appreciate that
very much
it's a wacky and wild world I'll see you
on the next one take care